DOCS-1798: clarify spending limit period switches [doc-1798] (#660)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/cards/index.mdx

For example, if you set a monthly limit to reset on the 31st of February, the limit resets on the 28th of February (since February doesn't have a 31st).
:::

:::info Switching between rolling and calendar periods

> When you switch a card's limit from a rolling period to a calendar period (or vice versa), the spending limit doesn't start over. Swan applies the new time frame to the card's past purchases. This means any money already spent during the new period still counts toward the limit, ensuring your spending limits remain active and accurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you switch a card's limit from a rolling period to a calendar period (or vice versa), the spending limit doesn't reset. Swan applies the new time frame to the card's past purchases. This means any money already spent during the new period still counts toward the limit, ensuring your spending limits remain active and accurate.
```
Wondering if this would be more accurate?

Author: Updated

    - Expenses for a single card can't exceed €10,000.
- Individual account holder ATM withdrawal:
    - An **individual account holder** has two individual cards.
    - They can withdraw a maximum of €1,500 total between the 2 cards during a 30-day period.

>     - They **can't withdraw** a total of €3,000—the maximum is per account holder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - They **can't withdraw** a total of €3,000. The maximum is per account holder.
```
